docs: document sync/--no-sync option and disk-durable publisher confirms (#2120)
cloudamqp/lavinmq: docs/publisher-confirms.md

- `basic.ack` with `multiple=true` — confirms all messages up to and including the delivery tag
- `basic.nack` — the server failed to process the message (e.g., internal error). The publisher should handle this and potentially retry.

## Disk-durable confirms

Since LavinMQ 2.9.0, a confirmed message is guaranteed to be on disk: the broker flushes pending writes with `syncfs(2)` before emitting `Basic.Ack`, so any confirmed message survives a sudden power loss or kernel crash.

- Concurrent in-flight confirms coalesce into a single `syncfs` call, keeping throughput high without an artificial flush delay.
- The blocking syscall runs on a dedicated isolated thread, so it never stalls client connection handling.
- If `syncfs` fails, the broker logs fatal and exits with status 1, so a follower in a clustered deployment can take over before any acked-but-unpersisted data is at risk.
- In a clustered deployment a publish is confirmed once every in-sync follower has the data; the local `syncfs` flush is used as a fallback when there are no in-sync followers or the node is standalone.

> The flush can be turned off with the [`sync`](configuration.md) setting (`sync = false`, the `--no-sync` flag, or `LAVINMQ_SYNC=false`), which leaves durability to the OS. This is faster but unsafe — a confirmed message can be lost on crash or power loss — and is intended for CI and local development only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flush can be turned off with the [`sync`](configuration.md) setting (`sync = false`, the `--no-sync` flag, or `LAVINMQ_SYNC=false`), which leaves durability to the OS. This is faster but a power cut before the page cache is written to disk could mean data loss for confirmed messages.
```
